His Majesty has already ruled the door
The weapon of the clan's death
Why compromise with them?
Is that what you mean?
Governing a great country is like cooking a fairy
It's messy.
Now the big fish face the country
precarious
If I had forced the aristocratic family back
It's not worth the loss
But even so
You can't give them the technology either.
This great man once said that so-called politics
Just make a lot of friends
The enemy did a little bit
I hand them the technology
They became my friends
Then congratulations, Your Majesty.
One less enemy
Let them make so much money
Cheaper for them
Oh, when will this money end?
Let who earn not earn?
They made money.
Just pay taxes honestly
Otherwise, His Majesty seems to be digging a hole for others again.
They are honest
I will be safe
Welcome to the military
I didn't expect this dim lord to be in the dark
Recruited civil servants
He also slashed this king
Even the Menwar clan and this king are alienated
Without the support of the Menwar clan
The prince can be said to have broken an arm
Without the support of cultural children
There are still internal guards in this palace
And three thousand dead
Wanyou Wu and Beiyuan's support
Wuguo and Beiyuan wolf ambition
Based on the smoke cloud sixteen states for a long time
As long as this king can not ascend to the throne
Lost smoke cloud sixteen states
So what?
Then what should we do now, my lord?
Now mention to me Li Si
And in charge of Jin Chen's advance
We can only wait for the moment
Find Li Si's weakness
To talk about peace